docs(configuration options): rewrite `minimumReleaseAge` (#29570)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

This feature used to be called `stabilityDays`.

> If `minimumReleaseAge` is set to a number value _and_ the update has a release timestamp header, then Renovate will check if the set duration has passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `minimumReleaseAge` is set to time duration _and_ the update has a release timestamp header, then Renovate will check if the set duration has passed.
```

Author: ```suggestion
If `minimumReleaseAge` is set to a time duration _and_ the update has a release timestamp header, then Renovate will check if the set duration has passed.
```
